README.rst, before:

EXTENDED JSON
=============


Simple extended version of JSON encoder for handling serialization of few
other than standard python data types. It works on python json module, and 
fallbacks to simplejson if available


Supports the following objects and types by default:

+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
| Python                      | JSON                        |
+=============================+=============================+
| dict, namedtuple            | object                      |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
| list, tuple, set            | array                       |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
| str, unicode                | string                      |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
| int, long, float            | number                      |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
| True                        | true                        |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
| False                       | false                       |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
| None                        | null                        |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
| Decimal                     | str                         |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
| complex                     | array[real,img]             |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
| datetime.date               | date.isoformat  ECMA-262    |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
| datetime.datetime           | datetime.isoformat ECMA-262 |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
| decimal.Decimal             | string of decimal           |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
| datetime.time               | datetime.tim.isoformat      |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+


usage::

 from ext_json import json
 
imported json have already extended encoder as default so no special calls
are needed to execute `json.dump` or `json.dumps`

Commit message:

change the order of loading json libs. Try simplejson initially, and than fallback to stdlib json

README.rst, after:

EXTENDED JSON
=============


Simple extended version of JSON encoder for handling serialization of few
other than standard python data types. It tries to use simplejson lib if found
then fallback to stdlib json module. Raises an exception if no json module
can be loaded.


Supports the following objects and types by default:

+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
| Python                      | JSON                        |
+=============================+=============================+
| dict, namedtuple            | object                      |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
| list, tuple, set            | array                       |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
| str, unicode                | string                      |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
| int, long, float            | number                      |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
| True                        | true                        |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
| False                       | false                       |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
| None                        | null                        |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
| Decimal                     | str                         |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
| complex                     | array[real,img]             |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
| datetime.date               | date.isoformat  ECMA-262    |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
| datetime.datetime           | datetime.isoformat ECMA-262 |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
| decimal.Decimal             | string of decimal           |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
| datetime.time               | datetime.tim.isoformat      |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+


usage::

 from ext_json import json
 
imported json have already extended encoder as default so no special calls
are needed to execute `json.dump` or `json.dumps`
